README.md, before:


# Sensory Integration Journaling Application

A journaling application designed to help children to effectively express and identify their emotions and their connections to thoughts and behaviors.
Features all both the child and parent track and manage sensory integration through journal entries, emotion selection, and coping strategies.

## Table of Contents

- Installation
- Usage
- Features
- Contributing
- License
- Contact
- Acknowledgments

## Installation



## Usage

1. Start the application
*Child Test User Login: 
Username: testUser    
password: password456

*Parent test User Login:
Username: parentTestUser
Password: password123

2. Follow the on-screen instructions to create a child or parent account and start journaling.

## Features

### Sprint 1
- **Child and Parent Account Creation/Login**
  - Design account creation forms
  - Develop update account functionality - *will address in final sprint*
  - Implement login functionality and error handling

### Sprint 2
- **Journal Entry Feature**
  - Develop UI for journal entry input
  - Create journal entry prompts
  - Implement save functionality for journal entry input
  - Develop journal entry search by parameters

### Sprint 3
- **Emotion Selection and Intensity Rating**
  - Create interface for emotion selection by category
  - Develop corresponding emotions relating to core emotions
  - Implement UI for emotion selections and intensity rating
  - Save emotion data to corresponding journal entries

### Sprint 4
- **Coping Strategies Library and Feedback**
  - Curate list of coping strategies and assign to corresponding emotions
  - Develop walkthrough describing strategy use
  - Implement interface for accessing strategies
  - Develop feedback mechanism on usage and effectiveness of strategies
  - Allow users to rate strategies as helpful or unhelpful

### Sprint 5
- **Report Generation**
  - Implement journal search functionality
  - Develop UI for report generation and output
  - Create functions to download user input

### Sprint 6
- **Final Debugging and Refinement**
  - Conduct thorough testing of all features
  - Fix any identified bugs or issues
  - Verify feedback mechanisms
  - Finalize user interface and experience adjustments
  - Prepare for deployment

## Testing

- End to End Testing
- Functional Testing
- Security Testing
- Address and Resolve Security Issues
- User Acceptance Testing (UAT)
- Address and Resolve Testing Feedback/Bug Fixing
- Stakeholder Communication



## License


## Contact


## Acknowledgments

Commit message:

Journaling functions added
Journal pages are linked with user session data carrying over to each page. Hidden fields were created in journaljournaling.html to hold emotion data which will be implemented and added to the journal entry in the next sprint.
ReadMe has been updated

README.md, after:


# Sensory Integration Journaling Application

A journaling application designed to help children to effectively express and identify their emotions and their connections to thoughts and behaviors.
Features all both the child and parent track and manage sensory integration through journal entries, emotion selection, and coping strategies.

## Table of Contents

- Installation
- Usage
- Features
- Contributing
- License
- Contact
- Acknowledgments

## Installation



## Usage

1. Start the application
*Child Test User Login: 
Username: testUser    
password: password456

*Parent test User Login:
Username: parentTestUser
Password: password123

2. Follow the on-screen instructions to create a child or parent account and start journaling.
   Click on Begin Journaling screen to start journaling process
   Journal prompt option generates prompts to assist user in their journaling process.

## Features

### Sprint 1
- **Child and Parent Account Creation/Login**
  - Design account creation forms
  - Develop update account functionality - *will address in final sprint*
  - Implement login functionality and error handling

### Sprint 2
- **Journal Entry Feature**
  - Develop UI for journal entry input
  - Create journal entry prompts
  - Implement save functionality for journal entry input - * Created session that will carry journal
  info to next page where it can be saved *
  - Develop journal entry search by parameters - *will address in final sprint*

### Sprint 3
- **Emotion Selection and Intensity Rating**
  - Create interface for emotion selection by category
  - Develop corresponding emotions relating to core emotions
  - Implement UI for emotion selections and intensity rating
  - Save emotion data to corresponding journal entries

### Sprint 4
- **Coping Strategies Library and Feedback**
  - Curate list of coping strategies and assign to corresponding emotions
  - Develop walkthrough describing strategy use
  - Implement interface for accessing strategies
  - Develop feedback mechanism on usage and effectiveness of strategies
  - Allow users to rate strategies as helpful or unhelpful

### Sprint 5
- **Report Generation**
  - Implement journal search functionality
  - Develop UI for report generation and output
  - Create functions to download user input

### Sprint 6
- **Final Debugging and Refinement**
  - Conduct thorough testing of all features
  - Fix any identified bugs or issues
  - Verify feedback mechanisms
  - Finalize user interface and experience adjustments
  - Prepare for deployment

## Testing

- End to End Testing
- Functional Testing
- Security Testing
- Address and Resolve Security Issues
- User Acceptance Testing (UAT)
- Address and Resolve Testing Feedback/Bug Fixing
- Stakeholder Communication



## License


## Contact


## Acknowledgments
